Individual spotlight: Boundary node team lead (#3387)
dfinity/portal: blog/news-and-updates/individual-spotlight-boundary-node.mdx

---
title: Individual spotlight - Boundary node team lead

> description: In today's interview, we're chatting with Andrew, a product manager who is dedicated to growing and refining the Internet Computer as a product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: In today's interview, we're chatting with Rüdiger, the team lead for the boundary node team.
```
